{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720
\pard\qc\b\fs36 Mary Mpoyo\par
\pard\qc\fs20 Houston, TX | marympoyo1@gmail.com | marympoyo.com | github.com/marympoyo1 | linkedin.com/in/mary-m-717a83253\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\b\fs22 PROFILE\par
\pard\fs22 Computer Science student at Texas Southern University with hands-on experience building and deploying web applications through coursework and personal projects. Strong foundation in JavaScript, React, HTML/CSS, Firebase, and core computer science concepts. Seeking a software engineering or technology internship where I can contribute, learn quickly, and grow as a developer.\par
\sa120\par

\pard\b EDUCATION\par
\pard\b Texas Southern University\b0 , B.S. in Computer Science\tx8640\qr Expected May 2027\par
\pard\ql Houston, TX\par
\pard {\b Relevant Coursework:} Data \& File Structures, Computer Organization, Computer Networks Fundamentals, Database Management Systems, Operating Systems, Software Engineering, Theory of Computation, Advanced OOP Using C++\par
\sa120\par

\pard\b TECHNICAL SKILLS\par
\pard {\b Languages:} JavaScript, Python, Java, C++, HTML, CSS\par
\pard {\b Frameworks/Libraries:} React, Tailwind CSS\par
\pard {\b Tools/Platforms:} Firebase, Git, GitHub, VS Code, Vercel, Figma\par
\sa120\par

\pard\b PROJECTS\par
\pard\b Arcoria\b0 \tab React | JavaScript | Firebase | Vite\par
\pard Live Demo: arcoria-by-mary.vercel.app | GitHub: github.com/marympoyo1/Arcoria\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Built and deployed a learning platform that helps users turn online tutorials into structured skill paths and track progress over time.\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Developed the application with React, JavaScript, and Vite, and integrated Firebase-backed functionality to support core user workflows.\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Expanded a hackathon concept into a polished live demo, emphasizing responsive design, usability, and clear product thinking.\par
\pard\sa80\par

\pard\b Portfolio Website\b0 \tab HTML | Tailwind CSS | JavaScript\par
\pard Live Site: marympoyo.com | GitHub: github.com/marympoyo1\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Designed and deployed a personal portfolio website to present projects, technical skills, and career interests in a professional format.\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Implemented responsive layouts, mobile navigation, dark mode, and a contact workflow using HTML, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript.\par
\sa120\par

\pard\b LEADERSHIP \& INVOLVEMENT\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Tiger Computer Science Society, Member\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Student-Athlete, Texas Southern University, 2022 - 2023\par
\sa120\par

\pard\b WORK EXPERIENCE\par
\pard\b Sales Associate, Uptown Cheapskate\b0 \tab Boise, ID | May 2022 - Sep 2022\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Delivered personalized customer service in a fast-paced retail environment while assisting with product selection, fit guidance, and styling support.\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Maintained an organized sales floor through merchandising, restocking, and attention to detail, and processed transactions accurately to support daily sales goals.\par
\sa80\par

\pard\b Front Desk Receptionist, Better Choice Care\b0 \tab Boise, ID | Apr 2020 - Aug 2020; Jan 2021 - Jul 2021\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Managed front desk operations including greeting visitors, answering phones, directing guests, and supporting scheduling needs.\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Communicated clearly with staff and visitors while multitasking in a time-sensitive, service-oriented environment.\par
\sa80\par

\pard\b Daycare Instructor, Healthy Beginnings\b0 \tab Meridian, ID | Jun 2018 - Nov 2018\par
\pard\fi-180\li360\'95 Provided attentive care and support in a structured, fast-paced environment while maintaining a safe and organized space.\par
}
